Bump/Splat! (#2027)
tpwres/teczki-polskiego-wrestlingu: content/o/splat.md

Splat!FilmFest is an annual genre film festival, which focuses on horrors, thrillers, black comedies, sci-fi and fantasy films. Having started in 2015 in Lublin, the festival later expanded to Warsaw and Wrocław, before making Warsaw its main location since 2018.

> In 2024 and 2025 Splat!FilmFest included wrestling in its programme. 2024 saw a non-canon [PpW](@/o/ppw.md) show accompany the screenings, held directly in the lounge area between screening rooms. In 2025, [Lunatic][imdb-lunatic], a documentary about wrestler Luna Vachon will be screened, accompanied by another, Halloween-themed PpW wrestling showcase in the same location. In October 2025, a documentary short film "Bump" by Bartosz Mateńko premiered at Splat!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In 2024 and 2025 Splat!FilmFest included wrestling in its programme. 2024 saw a non-canon [PpW](@/o/ppw.md) show accompany the screenings, held directly in the lounge area between screening rooms. 
In 2025, two wrestling-related movies were screened: [Lunatic][imdb-lunatic], a documentary about wrestler Luna Vachon, and a short documentary film titled "BUMP" by photographer Bartosz Mateńko. For both movies, this is their Polish premiere. PpW once again held a Halloween-themed wrestling showcase in the same location. 
```
